.TH RACKARRACK "1" "January 31, 2010"
.SH NAME
rackarrack \- guitar effects processor for GNU/Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rakarrack
.RI [ options ] " files" ...
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Rakarrack is a richly featured multi-effects processor emulating a 
guitar effects pedalboard.  Effects include compressor, noise gate, 
expander, shuffle, ring, synthfilter, varyband, mutromojo, looper, arpie,
graphic equalizer, parametric equalizer, flanger, dual flange, chorus, echo 
with reverse playback, musical delay, reverb, digital phaser, analogic 
phaser, wah-wah, alien-wah, harmonizer, shifter, sequence, sustainer, 
shelfboost, vocoder, coil crafter, echoverse, convolotron, stompbox, 
exciter and four flexible distortion modules including sub-octave modulation 
and dirty octave up.  Most of the effects engine is built from modules 
found in the excellent software synthesizer ZynAddSubFX.  Presets and 
user interface are optimized for guitar, but Rakarrack processes signals 
in stereo while it does not apply internal band-limiting filtering, 
and thus is well suited to all musical instruments and vocals.  
Rakarrack is designed for Linux distributions with Jack Audio Connection Kit.
.TP

.PP

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options
starting with two dashes (`-'). A summary of options is included below.

.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no-gui
Disable GUI
.TP
.B \-b, \-\-Bank [File]
Load a Bank File
.TP
.B \-l, \-\-Load [File]
Load a Preset File

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by holborn <holborn@telefonica.net> and has been
modified by Tiago Bortoletto Vaz <tiago@debian.org> for the Debian
distribution.

